Integrate DFU target SMP (#12073)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/smp_svr/README.rst

MCUmgr server
-------------

To build for MCUmgr server with bootstrap, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-serial.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE:="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_mcumgr_srv.overlay"

Testing
*******

#. Build the :ref:`smp_svr` sample and flash it to the nRF9160 DK:

   Make sure the **PROG/DEBUG** switch is set to the **nRF52**.

   .. code-block:: console

      cd samples/cellular/smp_svr/
      west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-serial.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE:="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_mcumgr_srv.overlay"
      west flash --erase

#. Open a terminal connection for the nRF52840 SoC (VCOM1), in Linux ``/dev/ttyACM1``, and call the ``mcuboot`` command on the shell.

   .. code-block:: console

      uart:~$ mcuboot
      swap type: none
      confirmed: 1

      primary area (2):
         version: 1.0.0+0
         image size: 70136
         magic: unset
         swap type: none
         copy done: unset
         image ok: unset

      failed to read secondary area (5) header: -5

>       uart:~$

Author: That mcboot-command print this output

>       uart:~$

Reviewer: The output shows that the image update (or swap) was successful.

>       uart:~$

Author: It show mcuboot image information

* :file:`nrf9160dk_nrf52840_recovery.overlay` - Devicetree overlay file that enables resetting of the MCUboot recovery mode.

MCUboot configuration
---------------------

The sample has defined configuration and device tree overlay files for MCUboot that are available in the sample folder:

* :file:`child_image/mcuboot.conf` - Defines the MCUboot recovery mode.
* :file:`child_image/mcuboot/boards/nrf9160dk_nrf52840_0_14_0.overlay` - Define UART1 for MCUmgr.

The MCUboot configuration is enabled automatically at build.

Partition management
--------------------

The sample has a static partition management file :file:`pm_static_nrf9160dk_nrf52480.yml` to enable MCUboot secondary slot usage, which is a requirement.

Building
********

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/cellular/smp_svr/`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

.. note::
   Before building the sample, make sure the **PROG/DEBUG** switch is set to **nRF52**.

MCUboot recovery mode
=====================

.. code-block:: console

   west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_recovery.overlay"

> MCUmgr server with bootstrap

Author: @umapraseeda with bootstrap need to be remove it is not necessary information

Author: MCUmgr server image management

.. _smp_svr:

Cellular: SMP Server
####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This sample is a reference implementation to use MCUBoot recovery mode or serial SMP server mode for external image update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is a reference implementation to use MCUboot recovery mode or serial SMP server mode for external image update.
```

It supports the ``mcuboot`` shell commands for checking image information and a new activated image will be confirmed automatically.

Requirements
************

.. _supported boards:

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Connecting SoCs
***************

On the nRF9160 DK, you can configure the hardware interface between the nRF9160 SoC and nRF52840 SoC to use serial connection.
In this sample, the nRF9160 SoC uses UART2 and nRF52840 SoC uses UART1.

> The reset line is needed for activating MCUBoot recovery mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reset line is needed for activating MCUboot recovery mode.
```

.. code-block:: console

   /*
      | nRF9160     |                            |    nRF52840    |
      | UART 2      |                            | UART1          |
      | RTS   P0.17 | -- nRF interface line 0 -- | P0.17  CTS     |
      |       P0.18 | -- nRF interface line 1 -- | P0.20          |
      |       P0.19 | -- nRF interface line 2 -- | P0.15          |
      | RX    P0.21 | -- nRF interface line 3 -- | P0.22  TX      |
      | CTS   P0.22 | -- nRF interface line 4 -- | P1.04  RTS     |
      | TX    P0.23 | -- nRF interface line 5 -- | P1.02  RX      |
      |       COEX0 | -- nRF interface line 6 -- | P1.13          |
      |       COEX1 | -- nRF interface line 7 -- | P1.11          |
      |       COEX2 | -- nRF interface line 8 -- | P1.15          |
      |       P0.24 | -- nRF interface line 9 -- | P0.18 (nRESET) | (in v0.14.0 or later)
   */

> SMP and MCUmgr protocols are used to communicate over the UART.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SMP and MCUmgr protocols are used to communicate over UART.
```

Configuration
*************

> The sample supports UART1 connection for the nRF9160 DK with or without MCUBoot recovery mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample supports UART1 connection for the nRF9160 DK with or without MCUboot recovery mode.
```

The nRF52840 SoC needs to enable UART1 on the devicetree using the following configuration files and recovery mode overlay files:

* The :file:`overlay-serial.conf` file defines the generic MCUmgr server configuration with SMP serial transport for UART1.
  This requires an additional devicetree overlay file :file:`nrf9160dk_nrf52840_mcumgr_srv.overlay`.

> * The :file:`nrf9160dk_nrf52840_recovery.overlay` devicetree overlay file enables resetting of the MCUBoot recovery mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :file:`nrf9160dk_nrf52840_recovery.overlay` devicetree overlay file enables resetting of the MCUboot recovery mode.
```

> MCUBoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCUboot
```

=======

> The sample has defined configure and device tree overlay for MCUBoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample has defined configure and device tree overlay for MCUboot:
```

> * The :file:`nrf/samples/cellular/smp_svr/child_image/mcuboot.conf` file define MCUBoot recovery mode required configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :file:`nrf/samples/cellular/smp_svr/child_image/mcuboot.conf` file defines the MCUboot recovery mode.
```

* The :file:`nrf/samples/cellular/smp_svr/child_image/mcuboot/boards/nrf9160dk_nrf52840_0_14_0.overlay` file define UART1 for MCUmgr.

> MCUBoot configure is enabled automatically at build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MCUboot configuration is enabled automatically at build.
```

> Partition manage
> ================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partition Manager
=================
```

> The sample has a :file:`pm_static_nrf9160dk_nrf52480.yml` static partition management for enable MCUBoot secondary slot which is requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample has a :file:`pm_static_nrf9160dk_nrf52480.yml` file for static partition management to enable the secondary slot for MCUboot.
```
Not sure whether I got this right. Please check carefully.

Building
********

You can build this sample in the following two ways:

* To build for MCUBoot recovery mode, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>    west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE:="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_recovery.overlay"

Author: I remove

* To build for MCUmgr server with bootstrap, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>    west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-serial.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE:="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_mcumgr_srv.overlay"

Author: Ah not looks correct but it works. I will remove

Testing
*******

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To test the sample, complete the following steps:

```

#. Build the :ref:`smp_svr` sample and flash it to the nRF9160 DK:

   Make sure the **PROG/DEBUG** switch is set to the **nRF52**.

   .. code-block:: console

      cd samples/cellular/smp_svr/
      west build --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-serial.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE:="nrf9160dk_nrf52840_mcumgr_srv.overlay"
      west flash --erase

> #. Open a terminal connection for the nRF52840 SoC (VCOM1), in Linux ``/dev/ttyACM1``, and call the ``mcuboot`` command on the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open a terminal connection for the nRF52840 SoC (VCOM1), in Linux ``/dev/ttyACM1``, and call the ``mcuboot`` command on the shell:
```

.. _smp_svr:

> 

Reviewer: I'd say you do not need to have the sample description as a separate document, as there are no other files to be added (at least for now). Meaning, you can have the description documentation in this rst file. Also, please take a look at the sample template https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/sample_README.html and follow is as far as possible.
